let me tell you a little more about myself:

I’m currently studying and working towards becoming a proffesional brand designer
at the moment I’m based in the Czech Republic, but open to online and remote work connections
besides design I enjoy the mountains - in all seasons, any cultural events and travelling
my design journey

I could say, I dedicated my whole life to art and music. At least since I was able to hold a pencil, talk and dance. So when it was time to choose a career path (at the end of high school), it was quite obvious, that I would go the “artsy” way.

While looking through my options, I tried to be as practical as possible. Classical art wasn’t gonna cut it, because I always knew I’d need a well paid job with home office options. The reason was travelling and the fact, that half of my family lives in Central America. My dream is, to get to know this part of the world better and stay there for a while, since it’s so close to my heart.

I started researching design schools - interior, graphic, product or furniture design. To be honest, I immediately fell in love with the idea of becoming a graphic designer.

My dear friend showed me all the required programmes and helped me create a portfolio. And so my design journey began.

in my free-time

When it comes to work, I can seem very calculating. Or at least when I chose my career. In my personal life, I don’t know what I’m doing half the time. And most of the time, I have no idea what’s gonna come, not to mention my terrible memory. I prefer to say I’m spontaneous or distracted, my friends think I’m prematurely senile.

All jokes aside, in case it’s raining i don’t mind spending the day indoors drawing/painting. Or being out in the best company - my dear friends. An everyday must-do is going out with my dog. Preferably wondering through the mountains or the woods near my town.

I’m a big theatre fan - movie, performance, ballet, drama. My passion is definitely music. To me, summer is for the big stage concerts or tiny acoustic nights at the local bar.

I’d say travelling must be in my DNA. My parents and my grandparents travelled half the world. Me and my brother seem to be following their footsteps for now. Although he’s more driven to the sea and surfing, whereas I lean towards the mountains and skiing.
